docs/scripting/db/db.us.mdx, before:

---
title: "#db.us(..)"
---

Updates documents in the database, if they exist. Inserts the document if it does not exist

Similar to a [MongoDB db.collection.update()](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/method/db.collection.update/) with upserting enabled

## Syntax

```js
#db.us(query, update)
```

## Arguments

### query

Selection filter for documents in the script owner's database. An empty query ( `{}` ) selects all documents.

Various [MongoDB query operators](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/operator/query/) can be used for conditional matching and other advanced querying functionality.

If no match is found, this query will be used as the basis for a new document, ready for insertion.

### update

Can be either a document object (in which case all matches will be replaced by the new document), _or_ an "update document" containing [MongoDB update operators](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/operator/update/).

Update operators can be used to set new individual values, increment integer values atomically, pop and push to arrays, and more. For a comprehensive list, please see MongoDB's update operator documentation above.

The conditions of the update will be applied to the new document alongside its insertion, if an upsert is to be performed.

## Return Data

An object is returned upon updating documents with this function, providing extra details about whether it succeeded:

| Key       | Information                                                             |
| --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| n         | Number of documents matched in the query                                |
| nModified | Number of documents modified, after evaluating all update expressions   |
| upserted  | If an upsertion occurred, provides an index integer                     |
| ok        | If the operation succeeded, == 1                                        |
| opTime    | Object that contains a property 't' -- time of operation in millieconds |

## Example

```js
function(context, args) {
  /*
  where the database already contains documents:
  #db.i(
    {type:"my_data", my_key:"foo"},
  )
  */
  #db.us({type:"my_other_data"}, { $set:{my_key:"foo"} })

  return #db.f({my_key:"foo"}).array() // [{type:"my_data", my_key:"foo"}, {type:"my_other_data", my_key:"foo"}]
}
```

```js
function(context, args) {
  /*
  where the database already contains documents:
  #db.i(
    {type:"my_data", my_key:"foo"},
  )
  */
  #db.us({type:"my_data"}, { $set:{my_key:"bar"} })

  return #db.f({type:"my_data"}).array() // [{type:"my_data", my_key:"bar"}]
}
```

Commit message:

Some corrections for db update return values (#554)

docs/scripting/db/db.us.mdx, after:

---
title: "#db.us(..)"
---

Updates documents in the database, if they exist. Inserts the document if it does not exist

Similar to a [MongoDB db.collection.update()](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/method/db.collection.update/) with upserting enabled

## Syntax

```js
#db.us(query, update)
```

## Arguments

### query

Selection filter for documents in the script owner's database. An empty query ( `{}` ) selects all documents.

Various [MongoDB query operators](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/operator/query/) can be used for conditional matching and other advanced querying functionality.

If no match is found, this query will be used as the basis for a new document, ready for insertion.

### update

Can be either a document object (in which case all matches will be replaced by the new document), _or_ an "update document" containing [MongoDB update operators](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/operator/update/).

Update operators can be used to set new individual values, increment integer values atomically, pop and push to arrays, and more. For a comprehensive list, please see MongoDB's update operator documentation above.

The conditions of the update will be applied to the new document alongside its insertion, if an upsert is to be performed.

## Return Data

An array of length 1 is returned, containing a single object, providing extra details about whether the update succeeded:

| Key       | Information                                                             |
| --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| n         | Number of documents matched in the query                                |
| nModified | Number of documents modified, after evaluating all update expressions   |
| upserted  | If an upsertion occurred, provides an index integer                     |
| ok        | If the operation succeeded, == 1                                        |
| opTime    | Object that contains a property 't' -- time of operation in millieconds |

## Example

```js
function(context, args) {
  /*
  where the database already contains documents:
  #db.i(
    {type:"my_data", my_key:"foo"},
  )
  */
  #db.us({type:"my_other_data"}, { $set:{my_key:"foo"} })

  return #db.f({my_key:"foo"}).array() // [{type:"my_data", my_key:"foo"}, {type:"my_other_data", my_key:"foo"}]
}
```

```js
function(context, args) {
  /*
  where the database already contains documents:
  #db.i(
    {type:"my_data", my_key:"foo"},
  )
  */
  #db.us({type:"my_data"}, { $set:{my_key:"bar"} })

  return #db.f({type:"my_data"}).array() // [{type:"my_data", my_key:"bar"}]
}
```
