docs/scripting/db/db.u.mdx, before:

---
title: "#db.u(..)"
---

Updates documents in the database.

Similar to a [MongoDB db.collection.update()](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/method/db.collection.update/), with some syntax restrictions

## Syntax

```js
#db.u(query, update)
```

## Arguments

### query

Selection filter for documents in the script owner's database. An empty query ( `{}` ) selects all documents.

Various [MongoDB query operators](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/operator/query/) can be used for conditional matching and other advanced querying functionality.

### update

Can be either a document object (in which case all matches will be replaced by the new document), _or_ an "update document" containing [MongoDB update operators](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/operator/update/).

Update operators can be used to set new individual values, increment integer values atomically, pop and push to arrays, and more. For a comprehensive list, please see MongoDB's update operator documentation above.

## Return Data

An object is returned upon updating documents with this function, providing extra details about whether it succeeded:

| Key       | Information                                                                    |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| n         | Number of documents matched in the query                                       |
| nModified | Number of documents modified, after evaluating all update expressions          |
| ok        | If the operation succeeded, == 1                                               |
| opTime    | Object that contains a property 't' -- time of update operation in millieconds |

## Example

```js
function(context, args) {
  /*
  where the database already contains documents:
  #db.i(
    {type:"my_data", my_key:"foo"},
    {type:"my_data", my_key:"bar"}
  )
  */
  #db.u({type:"my_data"}, { $set:{a_new_key:11} })

  return #db.f({type:"my_data"}).first() // {type:"my_data", my_key:"foo", a_new_key:11}
}
```

Commit message:

Some corrections for db update return values (#554)

docs/scripting/db/db.u.mdx, after:

---
title: "#db.u(..)"
---

Updates documents in the database.

Similar to a [MongoDB db.collection.update()](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/method/db.collection.update/), with some syntax restrictions

## Syntax

```js
#db.u(query, update)
```

## Arguments

### query

Selection filter for documents in the script owner's database. An empty query ( `{}` ) selects all documents.

Various [MongoDB query operators](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/operator/query/) can be used for conditional matching and other advanced querying functionality.

### update

Can be either a document object (in which case all matches will be replaced by the new document), _or_ an "update document" containing [MongoDB update operators](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/operator/update/).

Update operators can be used to set new individual values, increment integer values atomically, pop and push to arrays, and more. For a comprehensive list, please see MongoDB's update operator documentation above.

## Return Data

An array of length 1 is returned, containing a single object, providing extra details about whether the update succeeded:

| Key       | Information                                                                    |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| n         | Number of documents matched in the query                                       |
| nModified | Number of documents modified, after evaluating all update expressions          |
| ok        | If the operation succeeded, == 1                                               |
| opTime    | Object that contains a property 't' -- time of update operation in millieconds |

## Example

```js
function(context, args) {
  /*
  where the database already contains documents:
  #db.i(
    {type:"my_data", my_key:"foo"},
    {type:"my_data", my_key:"bar"}
  )
  */
  #db.u({type:"my_data"}, { $set:{a_new_key:11} })

  return #db.f({type:"my_data"}).first() // {type:"my_data", my_key:"foo", a_new_key:11}
}
```
