docs/scripting/db/db.u1.mdx, before:

---
title: "#db.u1(..)"
---

Updates a single document in the database.

Similar to a [MongoDB db.collection.updateOne()](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/method/db.collection.updateOne/), with some syntax restrictions. It is generally more performant than [#db.u(..)](db.u), when needing to only update a single document.

## Syntax

```js
#db.u1(query, update)
```

## Arguments

### query

Selection filter for documents in the script owner's database. An empty query ( `{}` ) selects all documents.

Various [MongoDB query operators](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/operator/query/) can be used for conditional matching and other advanced querying functionality.

### update

Can be either a document object (in which case all matches will be replaced by the new document), _or_ an "update document" containing [MongoDB update operators](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/operator/update/).

Update operators can be used to set new individual values, increment integer values atomically, pop and push to arrays, and more. For a comprehensive list, please see MongoDB's update operator documentation above.

## Return Data

An object is returned upon updating documents with this function, providing extra details about whether it succeeded:

| Key       | Information                                                                                          |
| --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| n         | Number of documents matched in the query. This will only ever be 0 or 1                              |
| nModified | Number of documents modified, after evaluating all update expressions. This will only ever be 0 or 1 |
| ok        | If the operation succeeded, == 1                                                                     |
| opTime    | Object that contains a property 't' -- time of update operation in millieconds                       |

## Example

```js
function(context, args) {
  /*
  where the database already contains documents:
  #db.i(
    {type:"my_data", my_key:"foo"},
    {type:"my_data", my_key:"bar"}
  )
  */
  #db.u1({type:"my_data"}, { $set:{a_new_key:11} })

  return #db.f({type:"my_data"}).array() // [{type:"my_data", my_key:"foo", a_new_key:11}, {type:"my_data", my_key:"bar"}]
}
```

Commit message:

Some corrections for db update return values

docs/scripting/db/db.u1.mdx, after:

---
title: "#db.u1(..)"
---

Updates a single document in the database.

Similar to a [MongoDB db.collection.updateOne()](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/method/db.collection.updateOne/), with some syntax restrictions. It is generally more performant than [#db.u(..)](db.u), when needing to only update a single document.

## Syntax

```js
#db.u1(query, update)
```

## Arguments

### query

Selection filter for documents in the script owner's database. An empty query ( `{}` ) selects all documents.

Various [MongoDB query operators](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/operator/query/) can be used for conditional matching and other advanced querying functionality.

### update

Can be either a document object (in which case all matches will be replaced by the new document), _or_ an "update document" containing [MongoDB update operators](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/operator/update/).

Update operators can be used to set new individual values, increment integer values atomically, pop and push to arrays, and more. For a comprehensive list, please see MongoDB's update operator documentation above.

## Return Data

An array of length 1 is returned, containing a single object, providing extra details about whether the update succeeded:

| Key       | Information                                                                                          |
| --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| n         | Number of documents matched in the query. This will only ever be 0 or 1                              |
| nModified | Number of documents modified, after evaluating all update expressions. This will only ever be 0 or 1 |
| ok        | If the operation succeeded, == 1                                                                     |
| opTime    | Object that contains a property 't' -- time of update operation in millieconds                       |

## Example

```js
function(context, args) {
  /*
  where the database already contains documents:
  #db.i(
    {type:"my_data", my_key:"foo"},
    {type:"my_data", my_key:"bar"}
  )
  */
  #db.u1({type:"my_data"}, { $set:{a_new_key:11} })

  return #db.f({type:"my_data"}).array() // [{type:"my_data", my_key:"foo", a_new_key:11}, {type:"my_data", my_key:"bar"}]
}
```
