docs/scripting/trust_scripts/accts.xfer_gc_to_caller.mdx, before:

---
title: accts.xfer_gc_to_caller
---

accts.xfer_gc_to_caller allows a script to send GC to the caller of the script. accts.xfer_gc_to_caller (and accts.xfer_gc_to) has a ratelimit of 5 transactions to the same recipient in 20 seconds, excluding the user `trust`

### Security level

FULLSEC

## Syntax

### CLI

```
accts.xfer_gc_to_caller
```

### Script

```
#fs.accts.xfer_gc_to_caller({ amount: "1M234K567GC", memo: "this is a memo" })
```

### Parameters

#### amount (required)

The 'amount' argument specifies the amount of GC to send. Max transfer limit in a single accts.xfer_gc_to_caller execution is 32BGC.

#### memo (optional)

The 'memo' argument specifies a memo up to 50 characters long.

### Return

#### CLI

```
>>accts.xfer_gc_to_caller
Usage: (in subscript) #fs.accts.xfer_gc_to_caller({ amount:<number or "GC string">, memo:"<optional memo (50/1)>" })
```

#### Script

```
Success

Received 1GC from user
```

## Example

```js
function(context, args)
{
	return #fs.accts.xfer_gc_to_caller({ amount: "1GC", memo: "this is a memo" })
}

```

Commit message:

Colorising and fixing up the trust script pages

docs/scripting/trust_scripts/accts.xfer_gc_to_caller.mdx, after:

---
title: accts.xfer_gc_to_caller
description: "Sends GC to the script caller"
---

((accts.xfer_gc_to_caller)) allows a script to send GC to the caller of the script. 

((accts.xfer_gc_to_caller)) (and [[accts.xfer_gc_to:((accts.xfer_gc_to))]] ) has a ratelimit of 5 transactions to the same recipient in 20 seconds, excluding the user ((%Ctrust%)).

### Security level

FULLSEC

## Syntax

### CLI

```
accts.xfer_gc_to_caller
```

### Script

```
#fs.accts.xfer_gc_to_caller({ amount: "1M234K567GC", memo: "this is a memo" })
```

### Parameters

#### amount (required)

The '((%Namount%))' argument specifies the amount of ((%CGC%)) to send. Max transfer limit in a single ((accts.xfer_gc_to_caller)) execution is ((32BGC)).

#### memo (optional)

The '((%Nmemo%))' argument specifies a memo up to 50 characters long.

### Return

#### CLI

```
>>accts.xfer_gc_to_caller
Usage: (in subscript) #fs.accts.xfer_gc_to_caller({ amount:<number or "GC string">, memo:"<optional memo (50/1)>" })
```

#### Script

```
Success

Received 1GC from user
```

## Example

```js
function(context, args)
{
	return #fs.accts.xfer_gc_to_caller({ amount: "1GC", memo: "this is a memo" })
}

```
