docs/scripting/trust_scripts/accts.xfer_gc_to.mdx, before:

---
title: accts.xfer_gc_to
---

accts.xfer_gc_to sends GC from the user running the script, to the target specified by the script.

### Security Level

MIDSEC

## Syntax

### CLI

```
accts.xfer_gc_to { to: "trust", amount: "1M234K567GC" }
```

### Script

```
#ms.accts.xfer_gc_to ({ to: "trust", amount: "1GC" })
```

### Parameters

#### to (required)

The 'to' argument specifies the target of the transaction.

#### amount (required)

The 'amount' argument specifies the amount of GC to be sent. Max transfer limit is 32BGC.

#### memo (optional)

The 'memo' argument attaches a memo to the transaction. The 'memo' can be up to 50 characters long.

### Return

#### CLI

```
>>accts.xfer_gc_to{to:"trust",amount:"1M234K567GC", memo:"this is a memo"}
Success

Transferred 1M234K567GC to trust : this is a memo
```

#### Script

Same as CLI

## Example

Caution: While this is a legitimately useful script, it will send the specified amount of the caller's GC to the specified target.

```
function(context, args)
{
	return #ms.accts.xfer_gc_to({ to: "trust", amount: "1GC", memo: "here's that 1GC i promised you." })
}
```

Commit message:

Add/clarify transfer limits on accts.xfer_gc_to* (#360)
* Add/clarify transfer limits on accts.xfer_gc_to*

* Add a note on 5/20s ratelimit

* Update docs/scripting/trust_scripts/accts.xfer_gc_to.mdx

Co-authored-by: seanmakesgames <sean@comcode.org>

* Update docs/scripting/trust_scripts/accts.xfer_gc_to_caller.mdx

Co-authored-by: seanmakesgames <sean@comcode.org>

---------

Co-authored-by: seanmakesgames <sean@comcode.org>

docs/scripting/trust_scripts/accts.xfer_gc_to.mdx, after:

---
title: accts.xfer_gc_to
---

accts.xfer_gc_to sends GC from the user running the script, to the target specified by the script.

### Security Level

MIDSEC

## Syntax

### CLI

```
accts.xfer_gc_to { to: "trust", amount: "1M234K567GC" }
```

### Script

```
#ms.accts.xfer_gc_to ({ to: "trust", amount: "1GC" })
```

### Parameters

#### to (required)

The 'to' argument specifies the target of the transaction. accts.xfer_gc_to (and accts.xfer_gc_to_caller) have a ratelimit of 5 transactions to the same recipient in 20 seconds, excluding the user `trust`

#### amount (required)

The 'amount' argument specifies the amount of GC to be sent. Max transfer limit in a single accts.xfer_gc_to execution is 32BGC.

#### memo (optional)

The 'memo' argument attaches a memo to the transaction. The 'memo' can be up to 50 characters long.

### Return

#### CLI

```
>>accts.xfer_gc_to{to:"trust",amount:"1M234K567GC", memo:"this is a memo"}
Success

Transferred 1M234K567GC to trust : this is a memo
```

#### Script

Same as CLI

## Example

Caution: While this is a legitimately useful script, it will send the specified amount of the caller's GC to the specified target.

```
function(context, args)
{
	return #ms.accts.xfer_gc_to({ to: "trust", amount: "1GC", memo: "here's that 1GC i promised you." })
}
```
