docs/scripting/trust_scripts/escrow.charge.mdx, before:

---
title: escrow.charge
description: "Consensually charges a caller GC to use a script"
---

((escrow.charge)) is a secure transaction system which can be used to sell access to a script.

### Security Level

FULLSEC

## Syntax

### CLI

```
escrow.charge { cost: "1GC", is_unlim: true }
```

### Script

```
#fs.escrow.charge({ cost: "1GC", is_unlim : true })
```

### Parameters

#### cost (required)

The '((%Ncost%))' argument specifies a script-run's escrow cost.

#### is_unlim (required)

The '((%Nis_unlim%))' argument specifies whether the escrow cost is per-run, or unlimited access for a one-time-cost.

### Return

Returns an object; or `null` if access should be granted.

#### CLI

```
>>escrow.charge
Failure
Use escrow.charge to sell scripts. Place the following into your script:
var result = #fs.escrow.charge({cost:<num or gc string>, is_unlim:<true false>});
if (result) return result;
```

#### Script

Running a script which includes ((escrow.charge)) on the user who hosts it will execute the script as normal, bypassing the cost requirement and escrow return. If a script which includes ((escrow.charge)) is run by any other user, the script will return a token, represented as a 6 character alpha-numeric string:

```
Failure
Running this script costs 1GC each use. Confirm with escrow.confirm { i:"token5" }
```

## Example

```js
function(context, args)
{
	var smiley_face = ":)"
	var result = #fs.escrow.charge({ cost: 1, is_unlim: false });
	if( result ) {
		return smiley_face
	} else {
		return result
	}
}
```

If this script is run with no arguments, it will return an escrow token. If the escrow is confirmed, the script will return a smiley face. This script is set to require an escrow confirmation for each run. Changing the '((%Nis_unlim%))' argument's value to ((%Vtrue%)) makes this a one-time-fee.

Commit message:

escrow.charge: Add multi-call warning

docs/scripting/trust_scripts/escrow.charge.mdx, after:

---
title: escrow.charge
description: "Consensually charges a caller GC to use a script"
---

((escrow.charge)) is a secure transaction system which can be used to sell access to a script.

### Security Level

FULLSEC

## Syntax

### CLI

```
escrow.charge { cost: "1GC", is_unlim: true }
```

### Script

```
#fs.escrow.charge({ cost: "1GC", is_unlim : true })
```

### Parameters

#### cost (required)

The '((%Ncost%))' argument specifies a script-run's escrow cost.

#### is_unlim (required)

The '((%Nis_unlim%))' argument specifies whether the escrow cost is per-run, or unlimited access for a one-time-cost.

### Return

Returns an object; or `null` if access should be granted.

#### CLI

```
>>escrow.charge
Failure
Use escrow.charge to sell scripts. Place the following into your script:
var result = #fs.escrow.charge({cost:<num or gc string>, is_unlim:<true false>});
if (result) return result;
```

#### Script

Running a script which includes ((escrow.charge)) on the user who hosts it will execute the script as normal, bypassing the cost requirement and escrow return. If a script which includes ((escrow.charge)) is run by any other user, the script will return a token, represented as a 6 character alpha-numeric string:

```
Failure
Running this script costs 1GC each use. Confirm with escrow.confirm { i:"token5" }
```

:::warning
If escrow.charge is called more than once within a single script run, it will return
```
{ ok: "false", msg: "escrow.charge has already been called in this script run." }
```
after the first run.

## Example

```js
function(context, args)
{
	var smiley_face = ":)"
	var result = #fs.escrow.charge({ cost: 1, is_unlim: false });
	if( result ) {
		return smiley_face
	} else {
		return result
	}
}
```

If this script is run with no arguments, it will return an escrow token. If the escrow is confirmed, the script will return a smiley face. This script is set to require an escrow confirmation for each run. Changing the '((%Nis_unlim%))' argument's value to ((%Vtrue%)) makes this a one-time-fee.
