docs/scripting/trust_scripts/scripts.get_access_level.mdx, before:

---
title: scripts.get_access_level
---

scripts.get_access_level shows information about a scripts' access level. Possible access level indicators include:

- PUBLIC
- PRIVATE
- HIDDEN
- TRUST

For example, [[loc]]s will appear as PUBLIC HIDDEN. Trust scripts will appear as PUBLIC TRUST. Some scripts may appear as PUBLIC HIDDEN TRUST.

### Security Level

FULLSEC

## Syntax

### CLI

```
scripts.get_access_level { name: "accts.balance" }
```

### Script

```
#fs.scripts.get_access_level
```

### Parameters

#### name (required)

The 'name' argument specifies which scripts' access level shall be checked.

### Return

#### CLI

On the CLI scripts.get_access_level returns a string.

```
>>scripts.get_access_level { name: "accts.balance" }
PUBLIC TRUST
```

#### Script

Called as a subscript, scripts.get_access_level returns an object.

```
{
  public: true,
  hidden: false,
  trust: true
}
```

## Example

```js
function(context, args)
{
	return #fs.scripts.get_access_level({ name: "accts.balance" })
}
```

Commit message:

Colorise and fix up the trust script pages (#417)
Co-authored-by: Fayti1703 <fayti1703@protonmail.com>

docs/scripting/trust_scripts/scripts.get_access_level.mdx, after:

---
title: scripts.get_access_level
description: "Gets the access level of a script"
---

((scripts.get_access_level)) shows information about a script's access level. Possible access level indicators include:

- PUBLIC
- PRIVATE
- HIDDEN
- TRUST

For example, [[loc]]s will appear as PUBLIC HIDDEN. Trust scripts will appear as PUBLIC TRUST. Some scripts may appear as PUBLIC HIDDEN TRUST.

### Security Level

FULLSEC

## Syntax

### CLI

```
scripts.get_access_level { name: "accts.balance" }
```

### Script

```
#fs.scripts.get_access_level
```

### Parameters

#### name (required)

The '((%Nname%))' argument specifies which scripts' access level shall be checked.

### Return

#### CLI

On the CLI ((scripts.get_access_level)) returns a string.

```
>>scripts.get_access_level { name: "accts.balance" }
PUBLIC TRUST
```

#### Script

Called as a subscript, ((scripts.get_access_level)) returns an object.

```
{
  public: true,
  hidden: false,
  trust: true
}
```

## Example

```js
function(context, args)
{
	return #fs.scripts.get_access_level({ name: "accts.balance" })
}
```
