docs/scripting/trust_scripts/sys.upgrades.mdx, before:

---
title: sys.upgrades
description: "Displays the user's system upgrades"
---

((sys.upgrades)) displays information about the upgrades present on the system.

### Security Level

HIGHSEC

## Syntax

### CLI

```
sys.upgrades
```

### Script

```
#hs.scripts.upgrades()
```

### Parameters

#### filter

The '((%Nfilter%))' parameter takes an object which can specify properties of the upgrade(s). Can take discrete values or MongoDB compatible queries, e.g. `chars: { "$gte" : 2000 }`

#### full

The '((%Nfull%))' parameter takes a boolean. If the value is set to ((%Vtrue%)), ((sys.upgrades)) will display the full details object of each upgrade.

#### i

The '((%Ni%))' parameter takes either a number or an array of numbers.

### Return

Returns an object.

#### CLI

No parameters or invalid parameters:

```
>>sys.upgrades
To filter list, add filter:<filter object>; e.g. filter:{loaded:true, chars:{"$gte":2000}}
full:true for upgrade details
i:<index or array> to pre-filter on index(es)

000 tier_3 chat         channel_count_v3
001 tier_3 script_space char_count_v3
002 tier_3 script_space public_script_v3
003 tier_3 script_space script_slot_v3
```

#### Script

```
{
  i: 0,
  loaded: true,
  tier: 3,
  rarity: 2,
  name: "channel_count_v3",
  type: "chat"
}
{
  i: 1,
  loaded: true,
  tier: 3,
  rarity: 1,
  name: "char_count_v3",
  type: "script_space"
}
{
  i: 2,
  loaded: true,
  tier: 3,
  rarity: 1,
  name: "public_script_v3",
  type: "script_space"
}
{
  i: 3,
  loaded: true,
  tier: 3,
  rarity: 1,
  name: "script_slot_v3",
  type: "script_space"
}
```

## Example

```js
function(context, args)
{
	return #hs.sys.upgrades({ filter: { loaded: true }})
}
```

Commit message:

Document 'is_script' argument for sys.upgrades (#435)
* Document 'is_script' argument

* Colour false value

Co-authored-by: Fayti1703 <fayti1703@protonmail.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: Fayti1703 <fayti1703@protonmail.com>

docs/scripting/trust_scripts/sys.upgrades.mdx, after:

---
title: sys.upgrades
description: "Displays the user's system upgrades"
---

((sys.upgrades)) displays information about the upgrades present on the system.

### Security Level

HIGHSEC

## Syntax

### CLI

```
sys.upgrades
```

### Script

```
#hs.scripts.upgrades()
```

### Parameters

#### filter

The '((%Nfilter%))' parameter takes an object which can specify properties of the upgrade(s). Can take discrete values or MongoDB compatible queries, e.g. `chars: { "$gte" : 2000 }`

#### full

The '((%Nfull%))' parameter takes a boolean. If the value is set to ((%Vtrue%)), ((sys.upgrades)) will display the full details object of each upgrade.

#### i

The '((%Ni%))' parameter takes either a number or an array of numbers.

#### is_script

The '((%Nis_script%))' parameter takes a boolean. If the value is set to ((%Vtrue%)), ((sys.upgrades)) returns the same output as if the script was called inside of a script.

If it is ((%Vfalse%)), it returns the same output as if the script was called from the CLI.

### Return

Returns an object.

#### CLI

No parameters or invalid parameters:

```
>>sys.upgrades
To filter list, add filter:<filter object>; e.g. filter:{loaded:true, chars:{"$gte":2000}}
full:true for upgrade details
i:<index or array> to pre-filter on index(es)

000 tier_3 chat         channel_count_v3
001 tier_3 script_space char_count_v3
002 tier_3 script_space public_script_v3
003 tier_3 script_space script_slot_v3
```

#### Script

```
{
  i: 0,
  loaded: true,
  tier: 3,
  rarity: 2,
  name: "channel_count_v3",
  type: "chat"
}
{
  i: 1,
  loaded: true,
  tier: 3,
  rarity: 1,
  name: "char_count_v3",
  type: "script_space"
}
{
  i: 2,
  loaded: true,
  tier: 3,
  rarity: 1,
  name: "public_script_v3",
  type: "script_space"
}
{
  i: 3,
  loaded: true,
  tier: 3,
  rarity: 1,
  name: "script_slot_v3",
  type: "script_space"
}
```

## Example

```js
function(context, args)
{
	return #hs.sys.upgrades({ filter: { loaded: true }})
}
```
