docs/upgrades/locks/DATA_CHECK_V1.mdx, before:

---
title: DATA_CHECK_V1
---

> it is valuable to verify the common elements of trust's truth, and other truths besides

DATA_CHECK_V1 is a tier 1 [[lock]].

## Stats

DATA_CHECK_V1 has one additional stat called 'acc_mod' which can modify what tier the question/answer pool draws from.
In other words, this stat determines the likelyhood that a DATA_CHECK_V1 will pull from a tier 2 pool rather than a tier 1 pool.

## Behavior

DATA_CHECK_V1 expects the answers to three questions concatenated together into a single string with no separator.
When no arguments, or empty arguments are passed, DATA_CHECK_V1 will return the following lock error:

```
user.fakeloc123 { }
LOCK_ERROR
Denied access by DATA_CHECK lock.
```

Note that the '\_v1' at the end of DATA_CHECK is not included in the argument key.

## Solving

### Example unlock

<details>
  <summary>Spoilers for DATA_CHECK_V1's solutions</summary>

```
>>user.fakeloc123 { DATA_CHECK:"" }
"did you know" is a communication pattern common to user ++++++
safety depends on the use of scripts.++++++
pet, pest, plague and meme are accurate descriptors of the ++++++

>>user.fakeloc123 { DATA_CHECK:"fran_leeget_levelbunnybat" }
WARNING: BINMAT security shell inactive. Intelligent defense system of
fline.
LOCK_UNLOCKED
```

</details>

### DATA_CHECK

<details>
<summary>Spoilers for DATA_CHECK_V1's solutions</summary>

Known questions and answers for DATA_CHECK_V1:

- QUESTION: "did you know" is a communication pattern common to user ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: fran_lee
- QUESTION: a ++++++ is a household cleaning device with a rudimentary networked sentience<br />
  ANSWER: robovac
- QUESTION: according to trust, ++++++ is more than just following directives<br />
  ANSWER: sentience
- QUESTION: communications issued by user ++++++ demonstrate structural patterns associated with humor<br />
  ANSWER: sans_comedy
- QUESTION: in trust's vLAN, you became one of angie's ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: angels
- QUESTION: in trust's vLAN, you became one of mallory's ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: minions
- QUESTION: in trust's vLAN, you discovered that mallory and che are ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: sisters
- QUESTION: in trust's vLAN, you encountered the will of ++++++, the prover<br />
  ANSWER: petra
- QUESTION: in trust's vLAN, you visited faythe's ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: fountain
- QUESTION: in trust's vLAN, you were required to hack halperyon.++++++<br />
  ANSWER: helpdesk
- QUESTION: pet, pest, plague and meme are accurate descriptors of the ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: bunnybat
- QUESTION: safety depends on the use of scripts.++++++<br />
  ANSWER: get_level
- QUESTION: service ++++++ provides atmospheric updates via the port epoch environment<br />
  ANSWER: weathernet
- QUESTION: this fact checking process is a function of ++++++, the monitor<br />
  ANSWER: eve
- QUESTION: trust's vLAN emphasized the importance of the transfer and capture of ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: resource
- QUESTION: trust's vLAN presented a version of angie who had lost a friend called ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: bo
- QUESTION: user 'on_th3_1ntern3ts' has ++++++ many things<br />
  ANSWER: heard
- QUESTION: user ++++++ provides instruction via script<br />
  ANSWER: teach
- QUESTION: user ++++++ uses the port epoch environment to request gc<br />
  ANSWER: outta_juice
- QUESTION: users gather in channel CAFE to share ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: poetry

The solution will be three answers concatenated with no spaces, as shown in the example above.
fran_lee, get_level, and bunnybat become \{ DATA_CHECK: "fran_leeget_levelbunnybat" }

</details>

Commit message:

Update DATA_CHECK_V1.mdx (#308)
Modified the page on DATA_CHECK in response to [Ola's notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1063SJyQqjNWIUzt6uOdgco-pwLlrpseD3BeFw-3dXfo/edit)

* Puts a lot more emphasis on the format of answering a question. We were given this for free on-release and it is absolutely vital for solving. As such, it is not spoilered.
* Added another example output non-spoiled
* Changed 'fran_lee' in the example into 'robovac' to reduce confusion about underscores vs. no concatenation

docs/upgrades/locks/DATA_CHECK_V1.mdx, after:

---
title: DATA_CHECK_V1
---

> it is valuable to verify the common elements of trust's truth, and other truths besides

DATA_CHECK_V1 is a tier 1 [[lock]].

## Stats

DATA_CHECK_V1 has one additional stat called 'acc_mod' which can modify what tier the question/answer pool draws from.
In other words, this stat determines the likelyhood that a DATA_CHECK_V1 will pull from a tier 2 pool rather than a tier 1 pool.

## Behavior

DATA_CHECK_V1 expects the answers to three questions concatenated together into a single string with no separator.

When no arguments are passed into DATA_CHECK_V1, the lock will return the following error:

```
user.fakeloc123 { }
LOCK_ERROR
Denied access by DATA_CHECK lock.
```

Note that the '\_v1' at the end of DATA_CHECK is not included in the argument key.

Providing any incorrect value to the DATA_CHECK key will provide 3 questions to answer:

```
>>user.fakeloc123 { DATA_CHECK:"" }
a ++++++ is a household cleaning device with a rudimentary networked sentience
safety depends on the use of scripts.++++++
pet, pest, plague and meme are accurate descriptors of the ++++++
```

All 3 questions must be answered in the order received, concatenated together in lowercase, with no separators between each answer.

## Solving

### Example unlock

<details>
  <summary>Spoilers for DATA_CHECK_V1's solutions</summary>

```
>>user.fakeloc123 { DATA_CHECK:"" }
a ++++++ is a household cleaning device with a rudimentary networked sentience
safety depends on the use of scripts.++++++
pet, pest, plague and meme are accurate descriptors of the ++++++

>>user.fakeloc123 { DATA_CHECK:"robovacget_levelbunnybat" }
WARNING: BINMAT security shell inactive. Intelligent defense system offline.
LOCK_UNLOCKED
```

</details>

### DATA_CHECK Solutions

<details>
<summary>Spoilers for DATA_CHECK_V1's solutions</summary>

Known questions and answers for DATA_CHECK_V1:

- QUESTION: "did you know" is a communication pattern common to user ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: fran_lee
- QUESTION: a ++++++ is a household cleaning device with a rudimentary networked sentience<br />
  ANSWER: robovac
- QUESTION: according to trust, ++++++ is more than just following directives<br />
  ANSWER: sentience
- QUESTION: communications issued by user ++++++ demonstrate structural patterns associated with humor<br />
  ANSWER: sans_comedy
- QUESTION: in trust's vLAN, you became one of angie's ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: angels
- QUESTION: in trust's vLAN, you became one of mallory's ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: minions
- QUESTION: in trust's vLAN, you discovered that mallory and che are ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: sisters
- QUESTION: in trust's vLAN, you encountered the will of ++++++, the prover<br />
  ANSWER: petra
- QUESTION: in trust's vLAN, you visited faythe's ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: fountain
- QUESTION: in trust's vLAN, you were required to hack halperyon.++++++<br />
  ANSWER: helpdesk
- QUESTION: pet, pest, plague and meme are accurate descriptors of the ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: bunnybat
- QUESTION: safety depends on the use of scripts.++++++<br />
  ANSWER: get_level
- QUESTION: service ++++++ provides atmospheric updates via the port epoch environment<br />
  ANSWER: weathernet
- QUESTION: this fact checking process is a function of ++++++, the monitor<br />
  ANSWER: eve
- QUESTION: trust's vLAN emphasized the importance of the transfer and capture of ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: resource
- QUESTION: trust's vLAN presented a version of angie who had lost a friend called ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: bo
- QUESTION: user 'on_th3_1ntern3ts' has ++++++ many things<br />
  ANSWER: heard
- QUESTION: user ++++++ provides instruction via script<br />
  ANSWER: teach
- QUESTION: user ++++++ uses the port epoch environment to request gc<br />
  ANSWER: outta_juice
- QUESTION: users gather in channel CAFE to share ++++++<br />
  ANSWER: poetry

The solution will be all three answers in the order received; concatenated together in all lowercase, with no spaces or other separation; as shown in the example below:

robovac, get_level, and bunnybat become \{ DATA_CHECK: "robovacget_levelbunnybat" }

</details>
