docs/upgrades/locks/sn_w_glock.mdx, before:

---
title: sn_w_glock
---

> Hope you thought about your acct before you went compromising unknown systems.

sn_w_glock is a tier 2 lock created by the sn_w inc corporation.

## Stats

Unique stats that are included in the lock's statistics. The lock spawns at rarities ((%1kiddie%)), ((%2h4x0r%)), and ((%3h4rdc0r3%)).

## Behavior

When encountered, sn_w_glock will give a message, and then take GC from your account.

```
user.loc {}
That balance was not secret.
```

## Solving

### Example unlock

<details>
  <summary>Spoilers for sn_w_glock's solutions</summary>

```
>>user.loc {sn_w_glock:""}
WARNING: BINMAT security shell inactive. Intelligent defense system offline.
LOCK_UNLOCKED
System <user> breached.
Connection terminated.
```

</details>

### How to solve

<details>
<summary>Spoilers for sn_w_glock's solutions</summary>

You need to have the correct amount of GC in your account in order to solve.
Based on a certain word that is inside of the sn_w_glock's return value.

- WORD: "hunter's"<br />
  GC: "3K6GC"
- WORD:"secret"<br />
  GC: "7GC"
- WORD:"secure"<br />
  GC:"443GC"
- WORD:"meaning"<br />
  GC:"42GC"
- WORD:"beast"<br />
  GC:"666GC"
- WORD:"special"<br />
  GC:"38GC"
- WORD:"magician"<br />
  GC:"1K89GC"
- WORD:"elite"<br />
  GC:"1K337GC"

These words can be anywhere in the string that sn_w_glock gives you.

</details>

Commit message:

added stats to sn_w_glock

docs/upgrades/locks/sn_w_glock.mdx, after:

---
title: sn_w_glock
---

> Hope you thought about your acct before you went compromising unknown systems.

sn_w_glock is a tier 2 lock created by the sn_w inc corporation.

## Stats

sn_w_glock includes 2 additional stats. 'max_glock_amnt' which defines the maximum amount of GC the upgrade can take,
and 'expire_secs' which shows the amount of time after being solved that the lock will stay open before re-activating.
The lock spawns at rarities ((%1kiddie%)), ((%2h4x0r%)), and ((%3h4rdc0r3%)).

## Behavior

When encountered, sn_w_glock will give a message, and then take GC from your account.

```
user.loc {}
That balance was not secret.
```

## Solving

### Example unlock

<details>
  <summary>Spoilers for sn_w_glock's solutions</summary>

```
>>user.loc {sn_w_glock:""}
WARNING: BINMAT security shell inactive. Intelligent defense system offline.
LOCK_UNLOCKED
System <user> breached.
Connection terminated.
```

</details>

### How to solve

<details>
<summary>Spoilers for sn_w_glock's solutions</summary>

You need to have the correct amount of GC in your account in order to solve.
Based on a certain word that is inside of the sn_w_glock's return value.

- WORD: "hunter's"<br />
  GC: "3K6GC"
- WORD:"secret"<br />
  GC: "7GC"
- WORD:"secure"<br />
  GC:"443GC"
- WORD:"meaning"<br />
  GC:"42GC"
- WORD:"beast"<br />
  GC:"666GC"
- WORD:"special"<br />
  GC:"38GC"
- WORD:"magician"<br />
  GC:"1K89GC"
- WORD:"elite"<br />
  GC:"1K337GC"

These words can be anywhere in the string that sn_w_glock gives you.

</details>
