docs/scripting/syntax/colors.mdx, before:

---
title: hackmud color codes
---

It is possible to color hackmud text using built-in color codes.

## Syntax

Color codes are denoted by a pair of backticks (`) enclosing the text and an alphanumeric color identifier.
The identifier is placed before the text, inside the backticks.

An example:

```
\`<ID>text\`
```

## Colors

| Alphanumeric identifier | RGB color value |
| ----------------------- | --------------- |
| 0                       | ((%0#FFFFFF%))  |
| 1                       | ((%1#FFFFFF%))  |
| 2                       | ((%2#1EFF00%))  |
| 3                       | ((%3#0070DD%))  |
| 4                       | ((%4#B035EE%))  |
| 5                       | ((%5#FF8000%))  |
| 6                       | ((%5#FF8000%))  |
| 7                       | ((%5#FF8000%))  |
| 8                       | ((%5#FF8000%))  |
| 9                       | ((%5#FF8000%))  |
| a                       | ((%a#000000%))  |
| b                       | ((%b#3F3F3F%))  |
| c                       | ((%c#676767%))  |
| d                       | ((%d#7D0000%))  |
| e                       | ((%e#8E3434%))  |
| f                       | ((%f#A34F00%))  |
| g                       | ((%g#725437%))  |
| h                       | ((%h#A88600%))  |
| i                       | ((%i#B2934A%))  |
| j                       | ((%j#939500%))  |
| k                       | ((%k#495225%))  |
| l                       | ((%l#299400%))  |
| m                       | ((%m#23381B%))  |
| n                       | ((%n#00535B%))  |
| o                       | ((%o#324A4C%))  |
| p                       | ((%p#0073A6%))  |
| q                       | ((%q#385A6C%))  |
| r                       | ((%r#010067%))  |
| s                       | ((%s#507AA1%))  |
| t                       | ((%t#601C81%))  |
| u                       | ((%u#43314C%))  |
| v                       | ((%v#8C0069%))  |
| w                       | ((%w#973984%))  |
| x                       | ((%x#880024%))  |
| y                       | ((%y#762E4A%))  |
| z                       | ((%z#101215%))  |
| A                       | ((%A#FFFFFF%))  |
| B                       | ((%B#CACACA%))  |
| C                       | ((%C#9B9B9B%))  |
| D                       | ((%D#FF0000%))  |
| E                       | ((%E#FF8383%))  |
| F                       | ((%F#FF8000%))  |
| G                       | ((%G#F3AA6F%))  |
| H                       | ((%H#FBC803%))  |
| I                       | ((%I#FFD863%))  |
| J                       | ((%J#FFF404%))  |
| K                       | ((%K#F3F998%))  |
| L                       | ((%L#1EFF00%))  |
| M                       | ((%M#B3FF9B%))  |
| N                       | ((%N#00FFFF%))  |
| O                       | ((%O#8FE6FF%))  |
| P                       | ((%P#0070DD%))  |
| Q                       | ((%Q#A4E3FF%))  |
| R                       | ((%R#0000FF%))  |
| S                       | ((%S#7AB2F4%))  |
| T                       | ((%T#B035EE%))  |
| U                       | ((%U#E6C4FF%))  |
| V                       | ((%V#FF00EC%))  |
| W                       | ((%W#FF96E0%))  |
| X                       | ((%X#FF0070%))  |
| Y                       | ((%Y#FF6A98%))  |
| Z                       | ((%Z#0C112B%))  |

Commit message:

added in-game uses of colour

docs/scripting/syntax/colors.mdx, after:

---
title: color codes
---

It is possible to color hackmud text using built-in color codes.

## Syntax

Color codes are denoted by a pair of backticks (`) enclosing the text and an alphanumeric color identifier.
The identifier is placed before the text, inside the backticks.

An example:

```
`<ID>text`
```

## Colors

| Alphanumeric identifier | RGB color value |
| ----------------------- | --------------- |
| 0                       | ((%0#FFFFFF%))  |
| 1                       | ((%1#FFFFFF%))  |
| 2                       | ((%2#1EFF00%))  |
| 3                       | ((%3#0070DD%))  |
| 4                       | ((%4#B035EE%))  |
| 5                       | ((%5#FF8000%))  |
| 6                       | ((%5#FF8000%))  |
| 7                       | ((%5#FF8000%))  |
| 8                       | ((%5#FF8000%))  |
| 9                       | ((%5#FF8000%))  |
| a                       | ((%a#000000%))  |
| b                       | ((%b#3F3F3F%))  |
| c                       | ((%c#676767%))  |
| d                       | ((%d#7D0000%))  |
| e                       | ((%e#8E3434%))  |
| f                       | ((%f#A34F00%))  |
| g                       | ((%g#725437%))  |
| h                       | ((%h#A88600%))  |
| i                       | ((%i#B2934A%))  |
| j                       | ((%j#939500%))  |
| k                       | ((%k#495225%))  |
| l                       | ((%l#299400%))  |
| m                       | ((%m#23381B%))  |
| n                       | ((%n#00535B%))  |
| o                       | ((%o#324A4C%))  |
| p                       | ((%p#0073A6%))  |
| q                       | ((%q#385A6C%))  |
| r                       | ((%r#010067%))  |
| s                       | ((%s#507AA1%))  |
| t                       | ((%t#601C81%))  |
| u                       | ((%u#43314C%))  |
| v                       | ((%v#8C0069%))  |
| w                       | ((%w#973984%))  |
| x                       | ((%x#880024%))  |
| y                       | ((%y#762E4A%))  |
| z                       | ((%z#101215%))  |
| A                       | ((%A#FFFFFF%))  |
| B                       | ((%B#CACACA%))  |
| C                       | ((%C#9B9B9B%))  |
| D                       | ((%D#FF0000%))  |
| E                       | ((%E#FF8383%))  |
| F                       | ((%F#FF8000%))  |
| G                       | ((%G#F3AA6F%))  |
| H                       | ((%H#FBC803%))  |
| I                       | ((%I#FFD863%))  |
| J                       | ((%J#FFF404%))  |
| K                       | ((%K#F3F998%))  |
| L                       | ((%L#1EFF00%))  |
| M                       | ((%M#B3FF9B%))  |
| N                       | ((%N#00FFFF%))  |
| O                       | ((%O#8FE6FF%))  |
| P                       | ((%P#0070DD%))  |
| Q                       | ((%Q#A4E3FF%))  |
| R                       | ((%R#0000FF%))  |
| S                       | ((%S#7AB2F4%))  |
| T                       | ((%T#B035EE%))  |
| U                       | ((%U#E6C4FF%))  |
| V                       | ((%V#FF00EC%))  |
| W                       | ((%W#FF96E0%))  |
| X                       | ((%X#FF0070%))  |
| Y                       | ((%Y#FF6A98%))  |
| Z                       | ((%Z#0C112B%))  |

## In-game colors

In-game, there are certain strings that are automatically highlighted by the client.
They are detailed below, with a description and the color identifier.

| String                                                                                                               | Description and identifier                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ((%Sstandard text))                                                                                                  | The default string color. Uses color ((%SS)).                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| ((%Cscript)).((%2name))                                                                                              | Script name highlighting. The script author uses color ((%CC)). The script name uses color ((%22)).                                                                                                                                            |
| ((%5trust)).((%2scripts))                                                                                            | See above, but for Trust scripts. ((%AA)) trust script's author is highlighted with color ((%55)).                                                                                                                                             |
| ((%B9))((%DQ))((%B7))((%TT))((%B199))((%JB))((%B254))((%LM))((%B740))((%NK))((%B991))((%CGC))                        | GC string highlighting. The numbers use color ((%BB)), the "GC" at the end uses color ((%CC)). The following colors match to the following denominations: ((%NN)) -> 1KGC, ((%LL)) -> 1MGC, ((%JJ)) -> 1BGC, ((%TT)) -> 1TGC, ((%DD)) -> 1QGC. |
| ((%HVOID_LAMBDA_2))                                                                                                  | Sectors are automatically highlighted with the leading axiom's color (detailed below).                                                                                                                                                         |
| ((%qDATA))                                                                                                           | The axiom DATA uses the color ((%qq)).                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ((%MKIN))                                                                                                            | The axiom KIN uses the color ((%MM)).                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ((%lFORM))                                                                                                           | The axiom FORM uses the color ((%ll)).                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ((%HVOID))                                                                                                           | The axiom VOID uses the color ((%HH)).                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ((%DCHAOS))                                                                                                          | The axiom CHAOS uses the color ((%DD)).                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| ((%SCHOICE))                                                                                                         | The axiom CHOICE uses the color ((%SS)).                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| ((%QLAW))                                                                                                            | The axiom LAW uses the color ((%qq)).                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ((%YWILD))                                                                                                           | The axiom WILD uses the color ((%YY)).                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| {((%Nkey)): ((%Vvalue))}                                                                                             | Object keys use the color ((%NN)), values use the color ((%VV)).                                                                                                                                                                               |
| ((%D:::TRUST COMMUNICATION:::))                                                                                      | Trust communications use the color ((%DD)).                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| ((%C@))((%Juser)), ((%C@))((%Kuser)), ((%C@))((%Muser)), ((%C@))((%Wuser)), ((%C@))((%Luser)), and ((%C@))((%Buser)) | Usernames can use six different colors. The @ uses color ((%CC)), and the name itself can take on any of the colors JKMWLB.                                                                                                                    |
| ((%A3019))((%BAD)) ((%CD))((%L123))                                                                                  | This date format has four elements. The year is highlighted with color ((%AA)), the day with color ((%LL)). "AD" is colored with color ((%BB)), and "D" is colored with color ((%CC)).                                                         |
